1. In the previous section we just installed two packages, Create React App and Yarn. What are they for?
You don’t need to install or configure tools like Webpack or Babel.
They are preconfigured and hidden so that you can focus on the code.

Just create a project, and you’re good to go.


2. What are some benefits of using ReactJS?
faster rendering
stable code across browsers
native for mobile app development
simple and easy to learn
huge user base 
facilitates the overall process of writing Components
boost productivity and facilitates maintenance

3. What is a React component? Hint: Check the "Components and Props" section of the React documentation.
js functions

4. What is the significance of the `ReactDOM.render` method? Hint: Check the "ReactDOM" section of the documentation.
If the React element was previously rendered into container, this will perform an update on it and only mutate the DOM 
as necessary to reflect the latest React element.

5. What is JSX? Why does Facebook recommend using it? Hint: Check the "Introducing JSX" section of the documentation.
JSX is a syntax extension to JavaScript. It is similar to a template language, 
but it has full power of JavaScript. JSX gets compiled to React.createElement() calls which return plain JavaScript objects 
called “React elements”

6. What does Facebook recommend as the “best way to start building a new React single page application”? Hint: Check the "Installation" section of the React documentation.
adding alittle bit of react to your app and expanding in the future

7. What is Babel? And what role does it play in converting JSX into vanilla JavaScript? Hint: Check the "Introducing JSX" section of the documentation.
toolchain used to convert ecmascript2015+ to backwards compatible versions of JS

8. What is the significance of { } curly braces in JSX? Hint: Check the "Introducing JSX" section of the documentation.
allows you to put js in jsx. interperlation

9. What is a component prop? Hint: Check the "Components and Props" section of the React documentation.
